doc: lwm2m_carrier: doc improvements (#14342)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/lwm2m_carrier/CHANGELOG.rst

* Added a timeout to abort Push FOTA operations using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_FIRMWARE_DOWNLOAD_TIMEOUT` Kconfig option.
  By default (0), the timer is disabled for unknown subscriber IDs, and set to 30 minutes for the SoftBank subscriber ID.

* Added the function :c:func:`lwm2m_carrier_data_send`.
  This function can be used to send Binary App Data Container and Event Log object data.

  * Renamed the old ``lwm2m_carrier_app_data_send`` function to :c:func:`lwm2m_carrier_app_data_set` to avoid confusion with the new :c:func:`lwm2m_carrier_data_send` function.
    The name now also matches the similar function :c:func:`lwm2m_carrier_log_data_set`.

* The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SERVER_SEC_TAG` Kconfig option can now be used to provide a PSK Identity.

>   If a PSK Identity is stored in the configured security tag, the LwM2M carrier library will make use of it alongside the PSK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a PSK Identity is stored in the configured security tag, the LwM2M carrier library makes use of it alongside the PSK.
```

  This behavior does not apply when the device is in the Verizon network, in which case the PSK Identity is overwritten.

* The FOTA implementation was reworked to use the :ref:`lib_dfu_target` library to manage the DFU process, providing a single interface to support different types of firmware upgrades.
  Consequently, the LwM2M carrier library can now perform generic application FOTA.

> * Removed the firmware update type member from the :c:struct:`lwm2m_carrier_event_fota_start_t`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we need to explicitly mention the removed struct member ``type``?
